README.md, before:

# Logo-Maker README.md
  |[GitHub License](https://img.shield.io/badge/ISC=blue)

  ## Description

  This is a simple script which allows the user, after a few prompts, to create a logo as an .svg file. The program allows you to pick any shape between trianlge, circle, or square, allows you to place 3-letter text, and allows you to pick the color of the shape and text.

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)

  - [Usage](#usage)

  - [Licensing](#license)

  - [Contribution](#contribution)

  - [Tests](#testing)

  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:

  npm i

  ## Usage

  This program can be used in order to create a logo for a project, team, company, etc. which allows for easier identifiability.

  ## Licensing

  This project is licensed under the ISC license. [![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-blue.svg)
  This license link for this project is https://opensource.org/license/ISC/

  ## Contributing

  N/A

  ## Tests

  To run tests, run the following command:

  npm run test

  ## Questions

  If you have any questions about this repository, feel free to open an issue or contact me directly at nfailor@gmail.com.
  You can find more of my work at https://github.com/nfailor

Commit message:

Adding demonstration video link to README

README.md, after:

# Logo-Maker README.md
  |[GitHub License](https://img.shield.io/badge/ISC=blue)

  ## Description

  This is a simple script which allows the user, after a few prompts, to create a logo as an .svg file. The program allows you to pick any shape between trianlge, circle, or square, allows you to place 3-letter text, and allows you to pick the color of the shape and text.

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)

  - [Usage](#usage)

  - [Licensing](#license)

  - [Contribution](#contribution)

  - [Tests](#testing)

  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:

  npm i

  ## Usage

  This program can be used in order to create a logo for a project, team, company, etc. which allows for easier identifiability.

  Please click the below link to see a quick demonstration of how it works!

  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TYvvJ-7TViK1Roua_4ct5Rsl_debO2YE/view

  ## Licensing

  This project is licensed under the ISC license. [![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-blue.svg)
  This license link for this project is https://opensource.org/license/ISC/

  ## Contributing

  N/A

  ## Tests

  To run tests, run the following command:

  npm run test

  ## Questions

  If you have any questions about this repository, feel free to open an issue or contact me directly at nfailor@gmail.com.
  You can find more of my work at https://github.com/nfailor
